I'm great man the artist formerly known
as Medea I love it I love it I love it
you had a quite a weekend in it he's
been pretty incredible yeah you had a
huge you opened your own movie studio
yeah movie and television all that stuff
right
yeah it's called Tyler Perry studio of
course and it GI understand it is just
enormous how big is it
it's 330 acres and and 12 sound stages
and I dedicated them all this weekend to
people that have paved the way that
motivated and inspired me like Oprah
Whoopi Goldberg Cicely Tyson Will Smith
Halle Berry
each soundstage has a different famous
person's name on it yes someone who
means something to you yes and also
people of color who who and I don't
necessarily have that kind of
recognition here in Hollywood right they
have it there in Atlanta so I'm very
proud of that right now was that hard to
figure out to whittle it down to who you
were I mean there must have been some
people just right on the bubble like
that you couldn't name a sound stage out
it Spike Lee was a toss-up Oh
spike spike no no no no no spike is yes
Mike is one of the one of the ones that
are absolutely so yeah oh but no I
wasn't hard at all because you know
here's thing Diahann Carroll yeah past
the day before we were supposed to
dedicate the stage to her and I asked
her a year before and she said yes and
she said if I'm alive I will be there oh
boy she said that I said those words so
so that night we all held in her memory
the fireworks are going off we held this
moment as I dedicated the stage so it
was this beautiful man
wow wow that's something else I did get
everything go thank you for inviting me
I very much wanted to go I could not
believe the invitation you do that you
said very much want to go but what it's
a long story but I had a kid's parents
camping weekend this week dr. Phil was
there
the other reason ident Aymond was there
I definitely wouldn't go so this vide
this invitation is like like almost like
an iPad or some kind of a video screen
yeah and you're on it and I turn it on
and you say hey Jimmy Kimmel it's Tyler
Perry yeah and I'd love you to come and
then there's a whole invitation to this
party yeah and I was just like I showed
it to like 11 people around the office
I'm like look at this unbelievable and
you still didn't come yeah I didn't but
I will tell you this I didn't know what
to do with it afterwards cuz I'm looking
at it I'm like well this I can't throw
this out it's like you know it's like a
thing so now it's just sitting on my
desk yeah well it's it's it's made like
a book so that it can be on your
bookshelf because it was keepsake oh
yeah because everybody who got it even
everybody came to the party was very
important to me that they felt special
and and know how important it was for me
that they'd be there how many people
were there dr. Phil was there how
important how dr. Phil make the cut by
the way well he got the invitation he
goes man I'm going the guest list was
amazing who else was there
Will Smith Halle Berry Denzel Beyonce
jay-z Washington was dead same stage was
dedicated it was an amazing moment and
they all say your house or how does it
work
you know we all shut down the city of
Atlanta it's really one yeah I think
people put people freak out even famous
people freak out about two people
Beyonce or Oprah it's like they cannot
and little with it yeah and they were
both in and the place it was phenomenal
did they interact or well they the world
could potentially start spinning off of
it for sure but she had this long braid
that went down to the floor so if it did
everybody grab hold that sounds like a
lot of fun and congratulations on that
that is really amazing story did you
ever think about naming it Maddie's Neil
and fifty years old last month so was
this in a way kind of a birthday party -
yeah
yeah because it was so close together
and the invitation was so expensive like
the one that you got how much was it
imitation I have to give you get your
present up so good yeah it's okay I'll
take a car but no I'm gonna pull the TV
off my wall and you know I went to I
decided to go to Italy for my birthday
because you know it was too close so I
just wanted to do something small so
yeah that's a small thing to do a group
few good few good my good friends we
wouldn't had a good time that's fun
yeah you own an island as well still yes
yes I do I do but that's awesome but but
in all fairness and to all the you know
it's just my birthday happened right as
the hurricane was in Bahamas so oh I was
using my plane to fly a DIN and there
and try and help and everything I could
there oh so that the people of the
Bahamas will take care
yeah and I didn't and I didn't want to
be there in the middle of the air
traffic and everybody trying to get him
to get help so that's why I went to
somewhere else did you ever imagine in
your life you'd be saying like you know
the reason I went to Italy for my
birthday because my plane was flying to
the Bahamas to rescue people from my
Island yeah thank you for making me
sound this small I'll say you know and I
was just talking to Oprah in it and then
they're like that's your name dropping
just be quiet but but that's my life
yeah and I'm blessed and fortunate
enough to have it so I'm gonna live it
fully so yes yes sir
are you long
on your knees ma'am move away from the
door ma'am I can't do that you're the
president what the hell is this world
coming to
[Music]
that is the Oval Tyler Perry's new show
in addition to sisters if only that was
going on in the current Oval Office we
would have no problem this has nothing
to do with reality right you I was
looking on your Instagram today you
built like a white house yeah studio
because I am so fascinated and intrigued
by what's happening right now I'm so
fascinated so this story was born out of
I wanted to follow them upstairs like I
wonder what's going on upstairs
yeah resident so it's not a political
show I just followed them home I follow
the Secret Service home I follow the
maids and butlers home and there's their
stories that they've come up with in
their lives and the things that happen
I'm pretty pretty amazing
and what about sisters this show and yes
I feel dumb saying sisters but that's
that's that's probably why I named it
because I want to hear you say about
poor women and who are in their 30s in
dating and these black women and dating
down in Atlanta and I heard I heard all
of these different women that work for
me or lots of them and that worked for
me I'm going because I'm really big on
diversity I'm walking through the
hallways and everything I'm hearing
these stories about dating Oh like man I
got to put this stuff on television is
this really happening yes you are
eavesdropping into your employees life
basically Becky's video and then making
stories out exactly right and are some
of them like are they like exactly as
things happen no no I tell you what I
did I got three I have three women
producers that I bought on and I wrote
it sent it to them and and and and asked
them just read that read it and also
just tell me what's going on in their
dating life uh-huh and we change the
names still diabolical change the names
for the innocent just so I know what's
going on you're dating this is
remarkable now this is one of the actors
on your show she put up a billboard to
get your attention
is this what got your attention no that
was scary as hell
I was really creeped out about this is
she audition I didn't even know it was
her cuz I had separated to my mind
uh-huh he got the job and then after she
gets the job they tell me oh that's the
girl from the billboard I go what why
didn't somebody tell me but great this
good that she's good cuz yeah I put up a
billboard you suck it's not gonna work
they don't advertise recommend in your
expert opinion putting up a billboard
outside of the student when I'm driving
to go what the hell yeah cuz you know
what's gonna happen now that they know
she's on the show there'll be more
billboard yeah they're gonna be a lot of
actually m'dear is putting one up oh is
that right yeah she's saying she wants
to come back to work and she's my next
leading lady happy birthday and that
graduations on the big studio
[Music]
although insistence premiere October
23rd on DET news outlet sunny Hostin hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet
I've made it myself hit subscribe if you
liked it